Professor: Abiodun Robert
Department: Computer Science
University: Campbellsville University
Rating: 5.0/5
Difficulty: 1.8
Would Take Again: 100%

--- Review 1 ---
Course: DS621
Date: Feb 28th, 2026
Rating: 5.0 | Difficulty: 2.0
For Credit: Yes | Attendance: Mandatory | Online: Yes
Grade: Rather not say | Textbook: Yes

The professor has a deep understanding of the subject and the questions, and he approaches them differently, making the topic clear. The professor always finds a way to explain with an example or the challenges. The professor is really friendly with the students as well, guiding them in the new path to approach.

Tags: Participation matters, Amazing lectures, Gives good feedback

--- Review 2 ---
Course: DS621
Date: Dec 29th, 2025
Rating: 5.0 | Difficulty: 3.0
For Credit: Yes | Attendance: Mandatory | Online: Yes
Grade: A | Textbook: Yes

Prof Abiodun is an awesome instructor. His lectures are clear. The assignments and exams were challenging but fair, aligning perfectly with what we covered in class. The most thing I impress is his teaching technique. It inspires me a lot about the IT world. Highly recommend!

Tags: Inspirational, Caring, Respected

--- Review 3 ---
Course: DS621
Date: Dec 22nd, 2025
Rating: 5.0 | Difficulty: 1.0
For Credit: Yes | Attendance: Mandatory | Online: No
Grade: A | Textbook: Yes

The professor made the course look so easy. Passionate and engaging. Very knowledgeable, very kind, and understanding. Challenging but held good discussions.

Tags: Participation matters, Amazing lectures, Clear grading criteria

--- Review 4 ---
Course: DS621
Date: Dec 20th, 2025
Rating: 5.0 | Difficulty: 1.0
For Credit: Yes | Attendance: Mandatory | Online: Yes
Grade: A+ | Textbook: Yes

Professor is extremely knowledgeable and explains complex topics clearly with real-world examples. Classes are well structured, engaging, and interactive. Always approachable and supportive of students. One of the best professors I've had. Professor is very friendly and very knowledgeable on subject.

Tags: Get ready to read, Participation matters, Extra Credit